body
"They are horrible to sellers, don't leave your items at their warehouse as they will take every thing when the item does not sell and blame you for not collecting the items despite contacting them numerous times. They are thieves and liars"
"The worse experience. Delivery doesn't happens. You paid for a door to door delivery but the person in charge of delivery ask you to go to pick your parcel. If you don't go, they cancel your order. Very frustration after waiting 3 weeks the items. Customer support talk like robot and cannot deliver the parcel after cancellation. Beginning was nice, now JUMIA is a bid disaster. Runaway from them"
"As a loyal customer, I would say Jumia is Great. If you want to buy legit products, look for the 'official store' icon. Especially for laptops and electronics. You won't regret it. My experience has been great over the past years. Kudos!"
They have come up with a shipment service where you can send packages to anywhere in the world. They claim its a five day delivery. My package took 22days to get there. They did not even contact me for at least 12 days. My package was also damaged. Kindly do not send fragile items. I am very disappointed especially with the fact that they lied and assured me its only five day delivery. I do not recommend them. Kindly ship items with any other company.
Please do not buy a new iPhone from Jumia. I ordered for a new iPhone x phone from them and they sold me a refurbished phone despite the fact that I paid for a new phone. When I asked them about it they said that my item is under warranty and there is nothing they can do about it. If you have encountered a similar situtation kindly leave a message here we are looking for more victims so that we can bring a claim against them under consumer protection.
"That this shop is even running is a wonder…no, as in none whatsoever, contact with customer care as they call it - wow, just wow."
"They have poor services ordered some items,then received a notification that they were ready for pickup, upon arriving at the pickup station,i.e posta Nakuru,the product had not yet arrived,you see I can't keep on going checking for a package that is not there,that is a wastage of resources,I have been trying to contact their customer care for assistance to no avail,am really disappointed.."
"I recently bought a solar kit on Jumia platform. It was delivered minus one item. Upon enquiry, customer care staff were quick to offer a voucher of ksh. 300 as compensation for an item worth 1200. The missing item was used to lure customers make purchase and never intended to be delivered. I have an incomplete kit and will have to spend more money or return the kit for  refund. Having experienced their refund  process that will take forever. Jumia must style up and stop colluding with their partners to steal from the public. Dose anyone know which government agency you can report to?"
"Hi jumia, last week i ordered a vape pen from a jumoa store in town and a girl named violet made the order for me, apparently no vape was brought and also she is refusing to refund me she has apparently conned me, this is her  number +254 703 903886 she works in a jumia warehouse in nairobi town,pension towers her name is violet chepkorir i have the mpesa message i sent her the money please work on your sales agents"
"They are horrible to their sellers, make a mistake and go under 3 on the seller score and you will remain there so that they can keep charging you every week.They delay order delivery, their riders are rude, customer service is horrible. Then they little you get they milk out at an exorbitant rate. Google should introduce 0 stars."
"Goods are delivered in good condition and shape and delivery is pretty fast, with purchases arriving earlier than actually indicated. The customer care service is also top notch, polite and prompt. Keep it up Jumia!!"
I paid for delivery of a gift to a friend. But although she was home they sent me an email that delivery was unsuccessful and that if the next delivery was also unsuccessful the order would be cancelled. They never went to deliver for sure.
Jumia how do you allow your customers to get conned by fraudster  like this?
"Worst shopping experience. I tried to buy micellar water , proceeding to check out, I COULD NOT PAY FOR MY ORDER because their mpesa payment generator doesn't work. Neither could credit card work also. I call their Rude customer care who says they will initiate payment from their side , she says I hold on someone will get back to me and guide me. They have never called me to date."
"They have customer care number , but they closed all door to customer to get any personalised agent call. They allow some online ticket, which I never get any feedback. their email also are non responsive. It is high time Communication Authotiry should look into and issue future license to the firm according to their standard of service and support."
"Jumia is a good online shopping site to shop almost anything from. It saves you time, energy and I can say sometimes money. Though one has to be wary when shopping for generic stuff like electronics. And I don't know why they keep selling generic stuff, they are so many generic and overpriced stuff. "
I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED BY JUMIA.
"I bought a sub-wooofer from them as loyal customer ,  found it had a problem. I returned to their pickup station ,  their representative said it has problem. However, when they checked at their headquarters,  they said the claim is invalid."
"The online payment system is a mess especially if you are outside the country. I think they are just satisfied with the local market. If they cannot tap into payment options such as foreign bank cards, PayPal, e.t.c., they have no business being in online business. Tried to buy items for my relatives but simply could not. Unless this is fixed, I honestly think that was my last attempt and predict that they won’t survive long."
Ive been using jumia.ke for 4 months.
**Without Prejudice**
I have an ask. 
"I have ordered a meal recently, I tried to change the order to something else and I can say it was a total mess. It too 40 minutes for me to get a reply from the agents it kept on saying "" you're chatting with the agent"" but no box to chat was appearing. By that time the order was already at my door, I got something I never wanted.I feel that the company is doing so intentionally to force us to buy unwanted things or maybe it doesn't want us to change things which is truly dispisable. I am truly disappointed by the new method of communication ""live chat"". It would be better to have a phone number to call too incase the live chat doesn't work. Thank you."
Pathetic services . selling 3ply surgical mask at 6k and delivery 2ply very low quality that what you advertise . customer service only there to take orders but not handle complaints.  6k is not a lot but you will loose big time
HORRIBLE Experience as a JUMIA seller. These guys are really just crooks trying to milk sellers.
One word  thieves!!! And scammers the worst actually. They have no Customer relation. I pray one day they just lose market and close down. They will have done clients are huge favor. No security of items at all
The product are not what you see. I think they have fake products. I will never buy anything online with them after I bought a watch and a phone. Both had a cheap feeling opposite of what they advertise
"I wish I could subtract to zero star for this fake business, apparently at the very door of my shopping experience. I tried to have them deliver a substantial order for apparels totalling ksh70,000 for my family. I added everything to cart until I reached shipping costs. A whopping ksh9000? Yet items were to be picked in the city at afya center. These people are jokers, no way to reach their pre-purchase customer care only a dead give away to their inefficiency, mediocrity, disarrayed and unscrupulous company. In the meanwhile, I will shop at mall and put my items in a cart drive home. Rather than take the place of Amazon in kenya to give us the beauty of online shopping, they're not anywhere near Mama mboga in terms of customer service. Stay away"
I ordered a wooden number board for my toddler but what was sent was completely different from the image displayed. They sent a board from numbers 1_10 yet the one I ordered was 1_20
I oderd a wax heater of which if you buy one was comming into two pieces so l oderd 2in quantity it came only 2 l was to. Experience 4 l. Wonder why you people are like this
"SHOP SOLAR FROM JUMIA AT YOUR OWN  RISK THE SOLAR CAME WITHOUT A JACKPIN ,TOP PLUG ,VERY ARROGANT SUPPLIERS AND WAS ABUSED  AT THE END ZERO HELP FROM JUMIA."
So far my experience has been okay-ish I'd give it a 3.5 star rating. 
"I love Nashi Peanut Butter it's one of the sweetest I have had and the delivery was first with Good packaging,will definitely buy more from you."
"Jumia delivered the product I ordered very promptly, an they communicated every step of the way, but the product was nothing close to how it was advertised to me"
I ordered for a Lenovo Ideapad mini-laptop and received it within shortest time possible. It was also in perfect condition. I loved the service.
"I ordered a duvet and am happy it was delivered on time, and as ordered"
This people are awesome and so accurate on client needs.
"The service was excellent, the delivery came on time, the product was in good condition when it arrived."
"Authentic products, reasonable pricing,timely delivery with warm and professional customer service."
Want a product that has been bought and returned by a thousand others? A product that has elaborate deceptive description but the item itself is bogus? Buy now from Jumia at insanely low prices you won't regret it was a rip-off. 
Poor at so many levels:
"Very poor customer service thieves and liars !. Lack of respect for customers, poor quality on their goods...been customer for two years but after this, I'm done with them !. I ordered a Samsung s8 phone and it took over a month for Jumia to deliver. Once I got it, I couldn't download some apps such as Netflix and I got a message on Google Play store that said that my phone was not certified.  I initiated a return/refund and they said that the phone was fine and that I tried to modify it and that's the reason it wasn't working so, they refused to refund me and stated if I don't accept the phone back, they will keep the phone and the money. This went on for a month emailing back and forth and whenever I called Customer Service they would put me on hold and not get back to me so I'll sit there waiting like or  they'll hang up until I got the point not to bother. They also lied on multiple emails that they had tried to call me but I was unreachable but I never saw any missed calls from them. Finally, they have sent my phone to their warehouse on Mombasa road due to ""them not being able to reach me on number provided"" and that if I don't pick it up in 90 days, it will become their property. Still don't know when they tried to return it and so don't know how many days it's been in their warehouse. Never again !!!!! They are crooks !!!!"
The products arrived on time and the prices were fair. I prefer shopping online now
The product arrived in time and was in perfect condition
 
 
